There were in China on the east coast
a large industrial harbor two
devastating explosions among the
at least twelve are killed
Firefighters 1000 firefighters
were used around the brand
curb
the forces were later out
fear of further losses
withdrawn
holger 500 people were injured more
hard as 60 of them
These shots of a security camera
in a building near show how
a man from the shockwave and
glass doors is overturned the
explosions were allegedly due
explosive materials in a warehouse
triggered
The local hospitals are with the
many patients are overwhelmed by that
explosion still in several kilometers
Removal of windows destroys the
people stand in line for the
donate wounded blood
Witnesses say nobody has a tragedy
can predict this extent
i worked at the safety cabin
when the explosion stopped, I stopped
but I was immediately
hurt the cabin was completely
destroyed
Report a yellow substance
after the explosions in the air
she was afraid she might be toxic
his
Pedro Rodrigues percent of the audi video
agency rugby is for us in china
I am now in high district in Tianjin
only a few kilometers from the explosion
away
the situation can be like the residents
with whom I spoke the best
Describe complete disaster
there is still smoke in the sky, the
Containers in the dock were complete
destroyed and overturned at all cars
in the area were the slices
destroyed
the buildings of a nearby factory
have collapsed the situation is here
really bad
we talked to brand expert john
williams he says such situations are
a nightmare for rescue teams
if you see this art explosion then
one wonders how many injured and
possible dead it through the shockwave
I envy the firefighters
not only not such places
there is the risk of another
explosion if you do not know what the
whoever caused the first one there
Saying that would be the first thing
i would think that chemicals then
you must wear appropriate suits
because the skin can be chemicals
absorb the potential for something like that
is really scary
there are all sorts of things one
Never can cause such inflammation
you're 100 to sure though
Security systems minimize the risk
and make sure that the
probability to a minimum field